On November 13th, 1982, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial was dedicated in Washington D.C. after a march to the site by thousands of veterans. When funds were allocated to the creation of The Vietnam Veterans Memorial, a nationwide design competition was launched in the search for a design which honored the men and women who paid the highest price during the twenty-year war. The winner was Maya Lin, a Yale University architecture student. Lin had submitted the design for her senior project which was rumored to receive average marks by her professor who had also submitted a design anonymously. Her design featured a large wall of black granite inscribed with the 57,939 names of those who died during the war. Lin described the memorial as "taking a knife and cutting into the earth, opening it up, and with the passage of time, that initial violence and pain would heal." The memorial selection committee were struck by Lin’s subtle choices which served to honor each soldier equally. Notably, the black stone is set inside the grassy hill, listing the name of each soldier in the order that they were killed or announced missing in combat. The names are organized from the middle of the triangle and are engraved to the right in chronological order, then loop back to the far-left side and spread inwards to the middle. The names of the first killed in combat and the last to be lost are next to each other and, unlike other memorials, the list of the dead is not organized by rank. 
The memorial’s design was controversial. President Ronald Reagan did not attend the dedication ceremony due to the thousands of complaints that spurred from the memorial. The original Vietnam Veterans Memorial did not have any depictions of soldiers or combat. It is somber, reflective, and minimalistic. Two years later, statues were added near the original design in order to appease those who claimed the memorial was “morbid.” We are proud to feature the Vietnam Veterans Memorial on our tours, and thank our veterans for their brave and noble service. 
#bikeandroll #bikeandrolldc #vietnamveteransmemorial #mydccool #biketour 📷: @buzzfeed
